Add known issue and workaround for Snowflake Keypair connection timeouts (#31275)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/updates/important-changes.mdx

## Known issues

### Snowflake DB secrets engine key pair authentication not refreshing credentials successfully ((#snowflake-keypair-refresh))

| Change      | Status | Affected version                       | Fixed version
| ----------- | ------ | -------------------------------------- | --------------------
| Known issue | Open   | 1.20.x, 1.19.x, 1.18.x+ent, 1.17.x+ent, 1.16.x+ent | None

> Due to improper refreshes of credentials when using keypair authentication with Snowflake DB,
> users can receive errors due to stale connections in the connection pool. The issue appears when
> there are two or more concurrent operations, at which point an idle connection from the connection
> pool is reused and fails due to Snowflake's session timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users using keypair authentication with Snowflake databases may receive errors
due to improper credential refreshes and stale connections in the connection pool.
When two or more concurrent operations occur, Vault tries to reuse an idle
connection from the pool and the request fails due to session timeout in the
Snowflake database.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, limit 1 idea per sentence
